README.rst, before:

python-engineio
===============

.. image:: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/workflows/build/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/actions

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio

Python implementation of the `Engine.IO`_ realtime client and server.

Resources
---------

-  `Documentation`_
-  `PyPI`_
-  `Change Log`_
-  Questions? See the `questions`_ others have asked on Stack Overflow, or `ask`_ your own question.

.. _Engine.IO: https://github.com/socketio/engine.io
.. _Documentation: https://python-engineio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _PyPI: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-engineio
.. _Change Log: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/blob/master/CHANGES.md
.. _questions: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/python-socketio
.. _ask: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=python+python-socketio

Commit message:

This is a release of 3.14.2 under the "engineio_v3" namespace for old systems.

README.rst, after:

python-engineio
===============

.. image:: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/workflows/build/badge.svg
    :target: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/actions

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio

Python implementation of the `Engine.IO`_ realtime client and server.

This is a release of 3.14.2 under the "engineio_v3" namespace for old systems.



Resources
---------

-  `Documentation`_
-  `PyPI`_
-  `Change Log`_
-  Questions? See the `questions`_ others have asked on Stack Overflow, or `ask`_ your own question.

.. _Engine.IO: https://github.com/socketio/engine.io
.. _Documentation: https://python-engineio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _PyPI: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-engineio
.. _Change Log: https://github.com/miguelgrinberg/python-engineio/blob/master/CHANGES.md
.. _questions: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/python-socketio
.. _ask: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=python+python-socketio
